Hi everyone. Today's Wednesday, March
the 18th.
And this is the Money Ball Morning
Report.
Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by
Menthor Q.
My name is Emery Band.
Uh a lot of folks still get that last
name wrong, but that's okay. I don't
mind.
So, what are we doing? We're looking at
the E-mini S&P.
We're seeing some patterns that are
showing up, but let's get the big
numbers up first.
Call wall, 7,000. Put wall, 6,500.
Here's a major wall we need to look at
from a gamma flow perspective, 6830. We
have supply sitting above us all the way
to 6870. My suspicion is that this is
where the traders want to head next.
Now,
that being said,
if 6860 is where they want to head next,
what might be in the way? Well, let's
take a look.
In general, we are long in the
overnight. Why? Cuz we're above the
close of the prior day.
In general, we are also in range simply
because we are sitting inside of the
prior day's formation. Now, we did
breach it, but we are moving back down.
We are just above value. That's 6796
on the high end, 6746
on the low end. So, about 50 points of
range.
Our 200 moving average defended on the
daily. It's a bit flat here. Um you
know, if we're looking at the daily,
it's definitely going to matter. Let's
go to the 20
so we can stare down what price action's
really got for us in trading. It is
bullish. Momentum is in positive
territory, but drifting off. So, they're
looking for support.
Let's take a look at the patterns. Let's
go back to Monday.
What do we have? We moved up in the
pre-market
and then down during Asia and then up
retracing all of that in
uh Europe and then
down again as soon as we came into US
markets.
So, what is what we're noticing?
What is the commonality?
The commonality is this.
We come into the US open and we trade
down.
Come into the US open,
we trade down. And so,
what is this one?
It's sort of the same thing. Come into
the US open,
we trade down.
This was the last time that we traded
up, March 10th.
Ever since then,
all the spikes have been sold. Now,
we're coming in, a lot of people going,
"Ooh, look at this. It's an inverted
head and shoulders." Listen, I would not
want to meet this person on the street,
okay? I'd be very scared. It's a very
jagged pattern. I do not believe it
holds a ton of weight as an inverted
head and shoulders. That being said,
doesn't mean we're not going to break
out. So, where's the go no-go line?
My thought is, as long as we hold the
pivot today in this formation,
we are going to be all right for bullish
action. It's not going to be pretty
because we'll really be in a sideways
pattern, but if I were picking a price,
I'd want it to coincide with the point
of control.
Here's another reason why.
It's the top of my 30-minute
candlestick formation.
And you know, I like to follow that
space. That's the first one. The second
one of note is the 4:00 a.m. candle,
which is also very
shallow
or narrow.
Oh, for goodness sake. That's not right.
Very narrow. Where is it?
Almost the same size as
uh that opening range.
This is the high low of the last major
wave.
Okay? So,
commonality there in terms of range
size. And so, now what we're looking for
is the 9:30. If the 9:30 candlestick is
above us, that's a classic update.
Right? And the pullback then will be the
low of the 4-hour candlestick that will
keep us. That's not quite what we've
been doing.
And so,
my anticipation is the big buy zone
around 6776.
What happens if we lose that zone? We're
going to walk through value area low,
6746.
And then some fairly good demand zones
at 6723.
Okay?
Um
yeah, that's what we're looking at. Boy,
did I take too long doing that?
Let's zoom through some of the others.
NQ, what do we got?
Look at the big picture.
Looks fairly similar.
Although some things have really been
shaking underneath. We've got a lot of
volatility structures just flashing all
kinds of warning signals, but until it
shows up with price,
we don't want to do anything, okay?
Let's look at the big numbers.
First,
call wall, 26,000.
Put wall, 24,000.
Major gamma line,
25,100.
This chart is above range
and above value. So, this one is in a
clear breakout mode. The NQ is in a
clear breakout formation. That being
said, if we look all the way to the
left, we see major congestion on this
uh March 11th.
Okay?
And just like the others, we've seen the
sell-offs that come into the trading
day. Though, they've been a bit shallow
for the NQ, particular with Jensen Huang
just, you know, hyping the world up for
trillion-dollar sales. I can't even
imagine what a trillion actually even
looks like. So,
I I I just listen and go, "Oh, okay.
Sure."
So, here we have a support ledge that is
just below us at 25,100.
If price action bounces off of that and
continues to the north, the next area,
25,346.
The opening range is very tight. Super
hard to draw Fibonacci off of that.
I mean, it's just very, very hard to
draw a Fibonacci off of that. And so, we
just
take a look at it, realize it's right
near the point of control,
and keep our eyes open for it for
downside pressure.
4:00 a.m. candlestick almost the same
range.
Just a little bit more range than
the 30-minute open, but very, very
similar. It's breaking below the 4:00
a.m. low, and so
it needs to quickly recover or
it's very likely to step down into that
25,100.
Where's the go no-go line?
You know,
I would suspect it needs to fall back
into value area high,
but
it could hold 25,100. If it loses that
ledge, I think it goes into the opening
range. Remember,
the six the 6:30 candlestick moving up,
4:00 a.m. candlestick moving up. If we
open up above it, we've got ourselves
continuation long and probably a lot of
stop running because I think a lot of
people are reading the big macro picture
and it's making them nervous.
If we lose this 25,100,
stair-stepping into the volume point of
control and the 30-minute opening range
high at 25,026 is very likely. There's
quite a bit of demand there. Supply sits
above between 25,245,
literally all the way up to 25,3
40. Momentum and trend
are both in positive formations. Though,
the trending motion in momentum itself
is pulling back into positive territory.
Remember, when it pulls back, when
momentum pulls back into positive
territory,
it is simply looking for support when
trend is up. It's not rolling over.
It's just looking for support. And
that's what we need to think about.
Okay? So, very bullish. Prior day's
mhm
not nearly as bullish. So, there's a lot
of momentum here. Very easily this moves
to the north. Okay.
Next, let's take a look at micro
Bitcoin. This one is in buy territory.
Nervous buy territory, I will say. Let's
remove all the annotations. That looks
very noisy, but
this is what we're seeing. We're seeing
noise because these pivots are so close
together. Cuz demand right underneath
us, supply right above us. A break is
coming.
My thought is that if the market is
going to break out,
so is Bitcoin because it's an expression
of liquidity. And if there's more
liquidity, then the market is going to
break
uh
to the north.
If the Fed comes in and says, "Hey,
we're holding we're holding things pat.
We're not going to uh lower rates right
now, but things look a little weak. La
la la la la. I think the market's going
to run because they're looking for a
rate cut. Now,
is it really a good thing if things look
weak?
No, it isn't. So, that language is going
to be
very important.
I think this is uh Jerome Powell's last
time on the stand as it were. So, we'll
see what happens. But, dips clearly
buys. You just have to take them off at
the near-term resistance areas. What are
the big numbers? Oh, jeez. These guys
are mixed up again. The put wall way up
here at 80. The call wall way down here
at 73.
So, the only people willing winning
right now are the puts because they're
short. The call wall, people are upside
down. Gamma flow probably slightly
positive. So, this is going to be a
little bit of a vacuum.
Look for buy zones near the call wall.
We are underneath the pivot. Something
else that gives us a little bit of
negative flow. Above the pivot, things
look good again. My thought is
the breakout above 75,000 this time
around probably going to be the one that
holds.
That's my suspicion.
That being said, what would I love? I
would love it to fill the gap, come in
to 71,200,
and then I'm off to the races.
Otherwise,
I'll be chasing it. Okay.
Let's go to oil.
Oil holding pretty tightly.
Put wall
way down here at 55. Holy moly.
Call wall is hidden by this number. Call
wall's at 100.
We've been sitting around 94
for Wow, what is that? 5 days?
1 2 3 4. Yeah, fifth day here. Trend
little bit down. Directional flow
downward trending.
Both underneath and above.
Right? Especially since
early yesterday morning.
Where is the moving average? Well, it's
kind of sideways. So, that makes for
noise.
The chart is in range and in value of
the prior day. It did break it, but it
recovered. So, this is a stabilizing
zone
for the chart. The next skirmish that we
have
um over there
probably going to push it up, but the
news is hey, we're walking the tankers
through, you know, Iran oil is getting
through.
I
This is it.
Completely bizarre what's going on over
there. I
My brain does not have the capacity to
think about it.
So, what's going on with momentum?
It's in a strange place simply because
the big flow of momentum is down,
definitely.
The underneath flow also down, but we're
rising into
resistance, but that resistance has got
positive divergence. What does that
mean? This price up here is higher than
the price down here, but the momentum is
almost on par. So, what does this tell
us? We're in a sideways pressure event.
We're under the main line pivot.
And so, if we stay
underneath the supply zone, value area
high, that's 97. If we come into that
zone, we'll have sellers.
And that is the set to look for. Bounces
are sell zones.
Now, that being said, we get down to 90,
we might see more buyers sitting in
here, but bounces are definitely sell
zones.
Um are we recalibrating to a new price
in oil? I believe we are. We are having
uh a very big repricing in oil. And so,
I expect levels to be well above $50 for
a long time.
But, that's just me.
Let's go to gold.
So, gold broke 5,000.
And it also broke the put wall like 15
minutes ago.
Super important.
What's going to happen down here at the
put wall? Remember,
it's got to get defended.
It's got to get defended. Call wall way
up here at 5200. People are still
bullish on gold,
but the dollar strength still being the
reserve currency,
people are still coming to the dollar.
Um
Death of the dollar highly overblown.
It's eventually going away, but not
today. And so, here's what we're staring
down. The bounce off the put wall makes
for a pretty good buy zone.
But, what is trend? Trend
is down.
And momentum is down.
Right? Momentum down, trend down,
bounces are sell zones. Point of control
5,017.
Ideally, that would be a lovely sell
zone event. Here's the thing, value area
low 4983.
If we cannot get back above that zone,
we've got trouble.
I notice when we lose this 20 moving
average, we tend to recapture it and
then watch it fade again.
Recapture it, watch it fade again. So,
this 20 isn't giving us a clear line.
The slope of the 20 is giving us the
clear line. And that is if it bounces
above it, it's coming back below. Pivot
has stayed essentially the same over 2
days. Downward flow
is here and we are, you know,
trying to hold down to this edge. Now,
where might we go
if we lose all of this inventory event?
And essentially,
this box is
what I'm talking about, the big box.
This big box of inventory.
Actually, it's probably a little bigger,
isn't it?
Let's say it's about that. Let's clone
it.
See where the downside sends us.
Downside sends us to 48 192.
You know, as long as I remember from
school,
anytime a number comes up with the 4892,
my brain goes Columbus sailed the ocean
blue. I It's just
um every single time. Anyways, so,
that's what we've got. Expect a bounce
from here. If you want to take a trade
in this zone,
collapse way down
into your 1 minute
and take a peek. Let's hope it gives us
what we're looking for. And take a peek
for structure that builds. What does
that mean?
I stop heading lower.
Let's forget about that.
I stop heading lower. I breach the first
line of resistance. I pull back and I
make a higher low.
All right, let's get the spy.
Spy
still bullish.
Momentum and
I certainly don't need that.
Momentum and trend largely bullish.
4:00 a.m. candlestick very tight.
Very, very tight. Topping formation, but
easily a breakout here. So, what are we
looking at?
Above 675,
very likely to run at the top of the
supply zone simply because there should
be a lot of short covering here. Right?
Old support, new resistance. Resistance,
resistance. If it breaks out, all of the
folks that went short here are going to
say, "Yeah, I need to rotate." And so,
the numbers above are going to be 676,
678,
all the way to 680 where we've got the
last resistance line of note.
Okay? So, dips are buys if price action
comes in and gives us a dip. We're going
to have a nice bounce event off of value
area high, that's 671.
Point of control 670.
Going to be noisy if it gets down in
here. Wait for it to recover to move to
the north.
Price action should still be noisy.
We just had a lot of noise and there's
so many things that people are whipping
around.
The market feels very tenuous. Be
careful. Trade small or not at all.
And I'll see you on the streams.